Update security policy (#14164)
pypa/pip: SECURITY.md

repeatedly disregard this policy may be rejected regardless of
technical merit.

> ## What pip is expected to do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What pip is expected to do with wheels
```

since this section is specifically about wheels and nothing else?

pip downloads a wheel
([binary distribution](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/specifications/binary-distribution-format/))
by saving it as a file in the target directory, and installs a
wheel by unpacking it into the target environment. If pip runs
code from a wheel while downloading or installing it, or writes

> its files outside the target, that should be reported.

Reviewer 2: Minor nit: I think it would be good to be explicit about the target here. I wasn't sure whether this should be "target directory" or "target environment", but I wondered if this is what you meant?
```suggestion
code from a wheel while downloading or installing it, or writes
files outside the target directory, that should be reported.
```
